[Music]
welcome back to let's play outlet or
sophie my name is karsten
i did a few things off screen i spent a
lot of time
crafting up some materials
for
for making better weapons and armor
specifically
i made this which has
all stats except resistance increased 25
all stats by 15 and skill power 20.
and attacks 20 percent and skill power
25 percent
i also made
this
which has defense by 10 and hp recovery
and
[Music]
defense by 30 and base stats by 15
and all stats except resistance by 25.
[Music]
now the problem is making stuff with
those is really expensive
and requires materials that i'm kind of
limited on
i've also had to reduce some granny for
money
i'm thinking about maybe get doing
monica for the next set right now
i have some on sophie
got new staff there and vest
and placta their new weapon
and vest i should probably
ideally make some better items and
accessories and fill out the rest of my
party with that
at least for a couple more but i wanna
see
if i can finish the story
so what we're gonna do is we're just
gonna go
straight there got a destination
and try not to take a wrong turn this
time
[Music]
and you know if we get wiped we get
wiped
hey what's wow 10 call
that's really going to help
[Music]
okay so first off i need to fight you
shouldn't be too bad
so let's see it has 15 12. i'm gonna
hold off on the items
and probably hold off on the mp
you just attack and
you
go ahead and do scroll shot
holy edge and
drilling shovel
work on do that mp next round now she
does
[Music]
sophie and clockton now do a lot of
damage and don't take very much damage
monica is kind of getting hit hard now
so i think if i keep her in the party
she will probably be the next one to get
some equipment upgrades
and we just about finished that off
all right we're just gonna attack and
that should be that
you want to heal up monica between
fights
but that's okay oh right i have uh
well grinding for money i got some
advanced experience points
so i should spend those
so here
i think i will get
[Music]
let's see that's single magic damage
damage and break i think i'll do or a
break
with her
[Music]
and that uses up a chunk of my points
now for monica
um
[Music]
i do use her healing skills every now
and then so let's go ahead and
up that
you have 10 points
[Music]
increase increases skill power
proportional to wait time and maximum hp
that might be useful and
i think i'll increase your healing
skills just in case i end up having to
use them
and plucked eye
let's see here she does a lot of damage
i think increasing the chance of chain
attacks would be good
and if i get another i'll up that one
[Music]
okay we'll go with that
now onwards to the next area i'm gonna
try to mostly avoid
finding things
except when absolutely needed and of
course here
one is absolutely needed because we have
another boss
all right let's take these guys out
quick now you
are a bit tougher i'm going to start
with angel's whisper
and you will spam squall shot of course
do brave soul
and will reduce your defense
here take this a challenge
time to clean things up
[Applause]
okay now god's gift
you will be spamming holy edge
you keep doing squall shot
and uh what does that do anyway
hmm i'll give it a try i don't think
i've ever actually seen it
wow that heals for a lot right now
[Music]
and we have another healing attack
coming up at the beginning of the next
turn
[Music]
yeah we'll just spam attacks at this
point
it's dead this might even kill it
[Applause]
[Music]
it it's a yep win for us oh so close
oh you know i think
now no i won't fight with those right
now
let's see because i'll probably end up
having to fight something else anyway
can you uh be not there
[Music]
thank you
is that a book books and some pages
okay
that layer of dreams and reality
that sounds kind of final okay you know
what i'm going to
hey okay what a pain
let's end this quickly try to get a
little bit more
just to up the
uh moving and getting clock to another
point
so i can here i go
get that skill
[Music]
leave it to me ah i almost killed
everyone
and then i will probably heal everyone
up moving my body
there we go
[Music]
before we go into the next area
so let's see
[Music]
that's mp recovery small really is small
um
[Music]
okay does this do mp recovery
no
[Music]
oh it does
except i can't use it on
oh once i start using it i can keep
using it but i can't start using it on
someone
that is already healed up okay
well we'll go with this
[Music]
do you intend to kill me again no lord
we're here to persuade you
[Music]
persuade me luard you need to stop using
appalachian alchemy right now
[Music]
you've come all this way just to say
that again
do you still not understand the power of
ablation alchemy
the ablation alchemy is the supreme form
of alchemy
allowing one to create anything they
desire
luard that power won't bring happiness
to anyone
if you continue to use ablation alchemy
the power of nature will eventually be
exhausted
alchemy that sacrifices the future for
temporary gains is wrong
just take a look at sophie every day she
improves her skills with alchemy
if she continues to develop at this rate
i'm sure that she'll become an alchemist
who helps countless people
the alchemy that you use smothers out
people like sophie
people who have a potential future
you would wait that long for me a chance
uncertain futures do not concern me the
most
important time is the present and
mastering this magnificent power
my goal is mastery of this form of
alchemy that goal has never changed
since long ago
no you're wrong lord that wasn't your
goal before
what look at this
[Music]
that's it's the first item that you
unplugged and made together
this is what started your dream right
was mastery of alchemy really your goal
award
that's wrong isn't it your real goal
your real dream was to use alchemy to
bring people happiness
you need to remember lord
i simply wish to master alchemy the
method i use is the shortest path to
that goal
if you wish for my happiness then leave
me be
however if you choose to interfere
i will show no mercy
[Music]
lord listen to us sophie
you've done enough
it seems 500 years was too long to wait
just like how i lost my memories it
seems loud has completely forgotten his
original ideals
however if luard is going to continue
using abolition alchemy
we cannot allow him to do as he pleases
i'll kill you art myself
but if we don't stop the lord here and
now
many people will know only misfortune
sophie there's no need to include the
two of us among the people you wish to
make happy
i'd like you to bring happiness to even
more people in the future
in our place
octa now take up your staff
okay here we come luard
i possess the greatest knowledge in the
world insects like you cannot stop me
[Music]
each one listens music
[Applause]
yeah this is final boss music
[Music]
so
a challenge
i'll continue all right take this
[Music]
[Applause]
i cannot look back
[Music]
my shovel can fly
okay well that was unexpected
[Applause]
[Music]
um i'm gonna refresh this
now you go ahead and just heal yourself
up
[Music]
[Applause]
what are your hp at hmm
use that again you go ahead and just
spam a squall shot in case you pull
something like that off again
i guess you will just attack
uh you keep using holy edge
[Music]
well that was anticlimactic
i think my battle against that fish was
harder
then again i did kind of boost up
weapons and armor a little bit on
but that was only half my party um oscar
and monica still had the
the same weapons and armor i had before
so
i don't know but uh yay
oh cool another one of them
[Music]
no way
we're like this again i didn't think we
turned back
[Music]
the cauldron of knowledge was destroyed
most likely looks like we don't have
anything
left without the cauldron
we're finished we can't use alchemy
anymore
we can never turn back i can't believe
it
how could we lose that's likely the
difference between your desires
[Music]
luard your only goal was to master
ablation alchemy
you used alchemy only for yourself
however
sophie's different she's used alchemy
earnestly
for the sake of others she worked out of
her wish to bring happiness to all
people
including you and i alchemy is the power
of wishes
you should already know that the
stronger the wish the stronger that
power grows
your selfish alchemy stood no chance of
winning against sophie's alchemy
and her wish to bring happiness to all
what so you're saying everything we've
done until now was for
nothing we lost to a regular alchemist
and we can't use alchemy anymore what
was the point of our life
it wasn't for nothing huh
it wasn't all for nothing it's true that
using ablation alchemy was a mistake
but your wish to save your village
together with placta
wasn't for nothing you shouldn't say
that the dream you shared with placto in
the past was for nothing
sophie
here this is
it's the first item that you implacta
made
look at this and remember your real
dream
let's go automa
huh let's go okay
i wonder what those two will do now i
hope they understood
yes they'll be fine i'm sure they heard
and understood what you wanted to tell
them
i'm sure yeah you're right
anyway plocta let's go home
yes let's go
back to our atlear
[Music]
well we could return there but i want to
see if there's anything else in that uh
last area
[Music]
since i mean we couldn't exactly explore
it there
again we can just use the
return item
[Music]
to hop back let's see
sneak past you guys again
[Music]
proceed further yeah
there's a chest over there
why would i not go get this chest
[Music]
and that is an ancient cauldron
well i'm glad i checked that out uh
game's trying to rush me to some place
other than there
yeah well we can return or we can just
return
with this
[Music]
ah we're finally back yes we are
everyone thank you so much you all
really helped us
why are you getting so humble all of a
sudden that's not like you
but we wouldn't have been able to beat
leward without you all so
quit acting so distant that's right
they're always helping us so it's the
least we could do
we'll help anytime exactly
we're all friends here there's no need
for such discretion
[Music]
it was kind of rough but it wasn't a bad
experience
yes i'm glad i was able to help you
sophie
what they said
everyone thanks
[Music]
well then i think i'll go home now i'm a
little tired
yes i'm sure everyone is quite weary
this would be a good time to leave
oh okay thank you all again
i'll see you later
huh what about you two
i think i'll stay with you a little
longer
yeah me too i feel like hanging around
i see so let's all go to the atlear
together
yes okay then
to the atlear
[Music]
and it put me back in the town entrance
okay
well it's easy enough to go there
actually you know what i want to
[Music]
play the piano again
okay now we'll go back to the outlier
we're back oh i'm pretty tired
yeah i'm totally beat
thank you all very much thanks to you
we were able to stop luward
oh i should say thanks to monica oscar
thank you so much there's no need for
that
seriously we're all friends here both of
you
yeah you're right still
sophie that was pretty unfortunate
huh what was you know the cauldron of
knowledge
it disappeared without a trace
[Music]
wait a second
that's right i totally forgot
the cauldron of knowledge disappeared
[Music]
looks like sophie had completely
forgotten about the cauldron
well it sounds like something sophie
would do
[Music]
what should i do block the
so much for my amazing alchemy career
[Music]
you don't need the cauldron of knowledge
sophie you're already a splendid
alchemist
wait really yes
at the very least i think so
that's right i think you're already
comparable to your grandmother
true and you can pretty much make
anything people ask for
i don't know have i really become that
amazing of an alchemist
although from my point of view you're
still a novice who has much to learn
hey you didn't have to add that part
anyway i'll be going home now sophie
yeah i should get going too
okay thanks again for the help both of
you
we should all have tea sometime i'll
make plenty of snacks too
that sounds good i look forward to it
whoa i really look forward to that
anyway see you later sophie
flacta
i guess we're finally done
yes it's all over for now
what is it sophie i just thought of the
time when we first met
i was really shocked back then i mean a
book started talking out of nowhere
i suppose that would be surprising
after that i turned you into a doll and
we went and tried to persuade leward
a lot of things happen
yes quite a lot
sophie what is it pocta
thank you for everything up until now
why are you saying this all of a sudden
if it wasn't for you
i wouldn't be able to stand and talk
like this
and i wouldn't have been able to regain
my memories
i'm here like this now because of you
sophie
i really am grateful to you
[Music]
no you helped me a lot too you taught me
many things
and not just about alchemy so i want to
say it too
tacta thank you for everything
and i look forward to spending more time
together
yes i look forward to it as well sophie
hey plata what do you think i should do
now
what do you mean the cauldron of
knowledge is gone now
and your memories are all back i want to
make lots of people happy
but to be perfectly honest i still have
no idea what to
do i feel like i need some sort of
shorter term goal
let's see well then how about a goal
like this
become an alchemist who surpasses even
me
surpass you
[Music]
yes you wish to bring people happiness
through alchemy
in order to fulfill that wish you'll
need to surpass my skills at least
surpass you huh okay
that sounds like a challenge i'll do it
[Music]
however it won't be that easy to beat me
i know i wouldn't have it any other way
plucta
[Music]
huh who could that be yes
come in i'm sorry for the sudden visit
sophie
oh meister horst what is it well
one of the children in the neighborhood
has developed a case of food poisoning
very sorry for the sudden request but
could you prepare some medicine
of course just leave it to me
[Music]
oh
okay
[Music]
me
mmm
[Music]
god
[Applause]
[Music]
here
oh
[Music]
me
[Applause]
[Music]
okay
me
[Music]
[Applause]
so that's at least sophie
though i did hear that uh
whether the new game plus
you want to play you want your play down
to update an extra please use system
save okay
additional map hidden archive
the digital map is somewhere in the
library of all creation
okay um
sure let's check the items
[Applause]
[Music]
now that has yeah lp 30 okay
what does combined effect do
[Applause]
cauldron has synergy tuning time limit
and color surrounding effects
okay well i really could do without the
time limit thank you very much
um
[Music]
retaining bonuses that are the same
colors materials already placed causes
us to give the same bonus
yeah okay well yeah i can
[Music]
i could really do without that time
limit one
[Applause]
but other than that i think i'll need to
uh
boost that up i did find that
[Music]
and uh that's sadly your selfie
so let's go ahead and make sure
that we do have a save here
besides the clear data and we'll do
system save as well
just to be sure
i am not sure whether i'm going to
continue with the let's play part of
this
i will definitely now that i've finished
the main story
i'm okay with looking online for
everything so i'm going to look up what
it takes to get a platinum
and see maybe about that um let's
actually return to the title screen
and take a look at what those other
things are oh yeah that's the other
thing since the costume change
the uh it shows her with her new costume
so let's go into extra oh a dressing
room you can pick
if you do that
then it switches back
so let's take a quick look at what extra
is
there's the art gallery with all the
event stills
that's interesting it doesn't pan
we can't pan it just has the segments
i know we do there are definitely
missing some event skill
stills
now that's interesting
backgrounds of the various
that's cool
[Music]
okay that was that okay
model viewer
[Music]
hitting the button for different
animations
and the different uh almost there i
guess i'm missing a few
all the different characters
there's a lot of characters still
missing a few
different enemies
demon lord huh yep
bonus oh
art book stuff
i wonder can i no nothing seems to
switch between if i hide the window
oops
wait what i did not see this character
whoop keep hitting the wrong thing
okay see outside that saw those guys
triangle side window kept trying to hit
circle
i did not see these
elementals huh
[Music]
yeah definitely i've not seen those
sound room of course
are all these unlocked yeah
yep encyclopedia
bonus voices
and they're all in japanese which i
can't understand much of
but in any case uh i hope you have
enjoyed this playthrough of atlear
sophie
i might throw in another couple episodes
we'll see depending on
[Music]
what all else is involved in getting
platinum and things like that
but essentially this is it i mean the
story's done uh i'm gonna look into
what's involved in the post game if
there is a post game story i may include
some more episodes if it's just
uh completing the various character
quests
grinding through those then
honestly i may not but
i hope you enjoyed thanks for watching
and like and subscribe
if you subscribe then you'll be able to
see whatever let's play i decided to do
next
and as well as the occasional anime
convention video
so i will see you next time
[Music]
remember it